[Music]
Will you please stand for the reading of
God's word? Turn to Matthew chap 24.
We'll read verses 1 through3. As we
gather here today, the headlines are
screaming the message, quote, that Iran
supreme leader orders a direct attack on
Israel. The possibility of an allout war
between Iran and Israel is a very real
issue.
2600 years ago, the headlines in the
Bible written by the prophet Ezekiel in
chapters 38 and 39
describe the condition of the Middle
East right now. Exactly.
The Bible describes a war between
Persia, Persia is Iran of course, and a
Russian-led coalition of anti-Semitic
nations that will join forces to destroy
Israel. In Ezekiel chapter 38, Russia is
the king of the north. All directions in
the Bible are taken from Jerusalem.
Straight north from Jerusalem is Russia.
Let me be clear. God Almighty will crush
this Russian Iran coalition of
[Applause]
nations. There are two major wars that
are going to be fought in Israel before
the end of time. And that war is the Gog
Mog war of Ezekiel
38:39, which you see happening right
now. And three and a half years later,
the battle of Armageddon, a massive army
led by China, the Bible says, with 200
million people. That's going to happen
three and a half years after the Gog
war. God Almighty is the defender of
Israel. The Bible says, "He that
keepeth," keepeth is a military term. He
that defends Israel neither slumbers nor
sleeps. God said, "I will bless those
who bless you, and I will curse those
who curse you." What is God's reaction
when he sees Iran and Russia gathering
to destroy Israel? What's God's
reaction? David records it in Psalms 2.
He says, "Why do the nations rage and
the people imagine a bla a vain thing?
The kings of the earth, this would be
Russia and China, have set themselves
against the Lord and against his
anointed." That would be Israel. Listen.
And he who sits in the heavens shall
laugh. Laugh. And the Lord shall hold
them in derision. Derision is a Bible
word for ridicule,
mockery.
God is going to
laugh and ridicule these armies that
come against Israel. And then he says he
will break them with a rod of iron and
shall crush them to pieces like a
potter's vessel. Hello China, Russia,
Iran, Turkey. The day you lift your hand
to attack Israel, God Almighty is going
to crush
you. Let me read the text of the
morning. Jesus is talking to his
disciples about the end of days. Matthew
24:1-3. And Jesus went out and departed
from the temple, and his disciples came
to show him the buildings of the temple.
And Jesus said to them, "Do you not see
all of these things? Assuredly, I say to
you, not one stone shall be left upon
the other that shall not be thrown
down." He's talking about when the
Romans came in 70 AD and destroyed the
temple. If you go to Jerusalem today,
you'll see those stones still on the
ground. Verse three. Now, as he sat on
the Mount of Olives, the disciples came
to him privately, saying, "Tell us, when
shall these things be?" Question two,
"And what shall be the sign of your
coming?" Question three, "And what shall
be the sign of the end of the age?"
We're talking about the sign of the end
of the age this morning. Stay tuned.
Father in Jesus name, let your Holy
Spirit fill this room. God of Abraham,
Isaac, and Jacob, who calls the stars by
name, look from the balconies of heaven
and crush the enemies of Zion today.
Crush them to pieces like a potter's
vessel. Today, let the church of Jesus
Christ prepare for rapture. For we are
most certainly getting ready to leave
this world. In the authority of Jesus'
name, we pray and ask it. And all of
God's children said, "Amen." Amen. You
may be
seated. We are currently living in the
church age, which began suddenly on the
day of Pentecost when cloven tongues of
fire set on the heads of 120 in the
upper room. The next event of God's
prophetic calendar is the rapture of the
church when all living believers on
earth will be suddenly snatched away
from this earth into heaven in the
twinkling of an eye.
[Applause]
Meanwhile, back on planet Earth, the
world will be struggling to make sense
of what has happened and scrambled to
recover from the vanishing of millions
of people. Immediately after the
rapture, a group of 10 men who are world
leaders will come together to form what
the Bible calls the renewal of the Roman
Empire. It is actually what we call the
new world order.
that will happen. This new world order
will instantly be formed by the
Antichrist who will come out of Europe
and lead a reunited Roman Empire with a
group of 10 leaders. America will yield
its sovereignty to the new world as soon
as you know it as a globalist
organization. The great tribulation
begins at this
point. Here we are as the church. The
church is translated into heaven at the
judgment seat of Christ. The judgment
seat of Christ is where each of you will
give an account to God of the life that
you lived. You will be given a crown.
There are five crowns that you can
receive. You can tell what you did in
life by the crown that you wear. Just
like military insignia on a military
man's shoulder will tell you his rank.
You will be able to know that by the
crown that the people wear. First is the
resurrection of the saints who have died
and then is the church triumphant. Why
is the the dead in Christ going first?
Because Jesus comes giving the shout of
victory. His victory is over death,
hell, and the grave. When the last Adam
of the last body has been resurrected,
the victory of Jesus Christ will be
total over the
[Applause]
grave. The Antichrist as the leader of
this new Roman Empire will secure a
peace accord. The world will celebrate
him as the great peacemaker. The Bible
says this. He will no doubt be given the
Nobel Peace Prize like Hitler. He will
cause craft to prosper because that's
what Hitler did. The seven-year peace
treaty will lull Israel into a false
security. Then during the first half of
the tribulation when Israel has its
guard down three and a half years after
the treaty was signed there will be he
will break that treaty and a Russian
Islamic coalition will attack Israel.
This will be the Gog Magog war that will
happen right in the middle of the
tribulation. Three and a half years
there. Now the back half of the
tribulation is called the great
tribulation. The war of God may go that
you are seeing is a forerunner of
October the 7th in
Israel. That was
horrific. It was horrific. Mass rape,
mass murder. 1,400 were killed in one
day. Children were beheaded. People were
burned
alive. In the coming Gog may God war,
God will supernaturally deliver Israel
by wiping out the armies of the Russian
coalition. The destruction of these
armies will leave a power vacuum and the
Antichrist will take charge of the
world. Get that in your mind. He makes a
peace treaty. He becomes powerful.
Russia and Iran are destroyed by the
hand of God in the middle of the
tribulation. And the antichrist charges
into that vacuum to become a world
dictator. He will break his treaty with
Israel. The antichrist will dominate the
last half of the tribulation as he
organizes a one world government, a one
world currency, a one world religion. He
will give you the opportunity to get you
his mark in your right hand or forehead.
If you refuse, he will cut your head
off. The antichrist will declare himself
to be God. He will set up his image in
the temple in Jerusalem and demand that
the world worship him as God. The
righteous Jewish people will flee to
Petra where they will be preserved by
the hand of God for three and a half
years until Messiah comes. on our next
concept, Armageddon and the coming of
Christ. Three and a half years after the
Gogg war. Right there at the end of the
tribulation is the battle of Armageddon.
It is the most vicious battle ever
recorded in human history. a nation
China bringing 200 million people to
that place of battle for the purpose of
destroying Israel and ruling it. The war
of Amaredon and the second coming of
Christ to Jerusalem to establish an
eternal kingdom as the king of kings and
the Lord of lords. Get this picture in
your mind. The battle of Armageddon is
in play. a battlefield that's 180 miles
long and 80 miles wide with 200 million
men on it from the east and an
accompaniment of army meeting them from
the west just as these two armies are
getting ready to fight each
other. Jesus
Christ comes from heaven with all of his
holy angels. And every believer, every
one of you who profess Christ will be
mounted on a white horse. Some of you
are going to have to learn
how will be mounted on a white horse.
Jesus Christ will come. His first thing
will be to destroy every soldier that's
on that battlefield instantly. He says
the blood will flow to the bridal of a
horse that's at least that deep for 180
miles. God is going to wipe Israel's
enemies off the face of the earth.
[Applause]
For over 40 years, Hegy Ministries has
stood in unwavering support of Israel,
witnessing the miraculous power of God
firsthand. In my new 30-day devotional,
Journey Through Israel, the Healing Word
at Work, you'll walk where Jesus walked
from the Sea of Galilee all the way to
Jerusalem and experience his healing
power in a brand new way. This
devotional is more than a daily reading.
It's an invitation to an encounter with
the living Christ. For your gift of any
amount this month, we'll send you
Journey through Israel, the healing word
at work, a beautiful devotional filled
with images of the Holy Land to help you
rediscover the power of God's word.
You'll also receive an anointing oil
from Israel infused with frankincense
and myrrh. For your gift of $175 or
more, we'll add the All Things Possible
tumbler, an eight pack of sympathy and
encouragement cards, and Pastor John
Haggy's powerful book, Power to Heal.
Call the number on screen or go to
jhm.org. org/healing
[Music]
[Applause]
Jesus Christ will seize the antichrist
and false prophet and cast them alive
into the lake of fire. I want you to see
this is the lake of fire. If you leave
this service and you don't know Jesus
and you refuse to allow him to be the
Lord of your life and you die, you're
going to be with the wicked dead in
Revelation 25. This is
hell. This is the second resurrection.
And you go to the great white throne
judgment. Jesus is sitting on this
throne. And he's going to ask you why
you rejected him as the Lord of your
life. And in then he's going to cast you
into the lake of fire. This is going to
be your payday for the next 50 million
years because you were fool enough to
think that Jesus shouldn't be the Lord
of your life. I just put a limit on 50
million years because you can't think
further than
that. Think about it. Jesus Christ died
to save you. And when you reject him,
he's not in heaven ringing his
hands. He's giving you the opportunity.
And when you pass and you pass
away, your future is so despicable it
cannot be expressed by human tongue. The
thousand-year reign of Christ now is in
this millennial reign. Millennium means
a thousand. Jesus Christ lands here,
sets up his kingdom, and it is a kingdom
that shall never perish from the face of
the earth. Those on earth when Christ
returns who do not trust in him as
savior will be cast into hell. Satan and
his minions will be bound into the
abbas. At the end of the millennial,
Satan will be released for a brief
period of time. Get this. After all that
God has done, Satan will be released
from the abbus when he's thrown. end it
for a thousand years and once again lead
a crusade against Jesus Christ and he
will be defeated and cast into the lake
of fire forever. Some of you who reject
Jesus are going to get to personally
remedial judgment after the millennial
reign of Satan's final rebellion. Christ
will sit on a great white throne and all
believers from every age will be
resurrected and assembled before him to
be judged. The Bible says of this
judgment that there will be weeping and
wailing and nashing of teeth. Why?
Because these people know they're coming
out of hell to be formally sentenced to
live in the lake of fire. Hebrews 9:27,
it is appointed unto men once to die,
but after this the judgment. Just
because you don't go to heaven doesn't
means you're not going to face the
judgment. You're going to face the Lord
someday. Those who refuse to trust in
Christ as Savior and Lord will be judged
according to their deeds. Since their
names were not found written in the book
of life, which contains the names of the
redeemed, they will be cast into the
lake of fire forever. Is your name in
the book of life? That's the greatest
question you're ever going to answer.
Is your name written in that book? Have
you ever asked Jesus Christ to be the
Lord of your
life? I encourage you to do so because
the penalty is far greater than the
minds of men can fathom. If the answer
is
no, before this service is over, I'm
going to give you the opportunity to say
yes. The heavenly city is coming down
out of heaven. You read it in the book
of Revelation. It's a city that's 1,500
miles
cube. Now, your mind grasping one city,
a capital city that's 1500 miles is a
stretch. So, let me help you. Start at
Miami, Florida. Draw a line to Detroit,
Michigan. Go left to Seattle,
Washington. From Seattle, Washington to
Phoenix. from Phoenix back over to
Miami. That's a huge chunk of real
[Applause]
estate. Why should I be concerned with
how the Jewish people are treated?
Because Matthew says in chapter 25:40,
"Assuredly I say to you, in as much as
you have done it to the least of these
my brethren, the Jewish people, you have
done it unto me. God's son, Jesus
Christ, who will return to earth. He
will come as a Jewish rabbi. Revelation
says he is the lion of
Judah. He is the lion of Judah. When
Jesus returns to earth, he's coming as a
Jew. The lion of Judah. Judah is the
root word of the source Jew. Genesis 12,
I will bless those who bless you and I
will curse those who curse you. Never
underestimate the love of God for the
Jewish people. Never. There are dozens
of scriptures that tell you how much God
loves Israel. 2 Samuel 7 says, "And who
is like your people, Israel?" The one
nation that God went to create for
himself, not
America, not
Europe,
Israel. That's God's favorite place.
Jerusalem is the city of God because God
said, "I have put my name there that I
may be remembered forever." God told
Moses to tell Pharaoh in defe in Exodus
4:22, "Israel is my son, my firstborn
son. If you refuse to let him go, you
tell Pharaoh, I will kill his son. I
will kill his son." The Jewish people
are a covenant people, and that covenant
was for the land of Israel. That
covenant is still in effect. There are
36 times in scripture that guarantee the
Jewish people, the covenant to the land
of Israel. They are a cherished people.
They are called the apple of God's eye.
They are a chosen people. The Bible says
they are my firstborn. Jesus said to the
Samaritan, "Salvation is of the
Jews." Think about that. That's an
awesome statement. Jesus the son of
God tells a woman who is not a Jew that
salvation is of the Jew. Everything
Christians have came to us through the
Jewish people. That's what that
[Applause]
[Music]
means. When some smart alec ask you, so
what have the Jews done for you? You can
start by saying they have given us the
Bible, every word written by the Jewish
people. They have given us the
patriarchs. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
They have given us the first family of
Christianity, Mary, Joseph, and Jesus.
If it had only given Jesus, it would
still be everything in the
world. Consider the Jewish hatred in
America. The protesters in New York
haven't killed anyone yet, but their
hatred for the Jews is recently on
display. One one protester carried a
sign saying, "I wish Hitler was here."
Think about
that, you
These flag burning, god-hating,
anti-semitic garbage needs to be
deported.
Send them back where they come from.
Anti-semitic universities that plant the
virus of anti-semitism into the hearts
and minds of the next generation need to
be defunded by the government of the
United
[Music]
States. Anti-Semitic professors and
university presidents should be fired
who are a part of this.
This in part is what I said to the prime
minister when he looked at me and said,
"What do you have to
say?" I said, "Mr. Prime Minister, it's
time for our political leaders in
Washington to butt out of Israel's war
with Hamas and
Hezbollah and to permit Israel to win
this war once and for all."
Douglas MacArthur said, "In war, there
is no substitute for victory." He made
that statement to West Point cadetses.
Winston Churchill said in his darkest
hour in in England in World War II,
quote, "You ask what is our aim? I can
tell you in one word, victory. For
without victory there is no survival."
End quote.
[Applause]
The day America stops blessing
Israel will be the day God stops
blessing this country. And I want to
tell you, there are people in our
Congress and in our national leadership
that are doing just that. It's high time
to be as bold as a lion in the defense
of Zion. Church of Jesus Christ, it's
time to do what the Bible says to do, to
pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Why? They shall prosper that loved
you. Prosper. What does that mean? I've
researched the word. It means
prosper. The Bible says Jerusalem is the
city of God. Jerusalem is the shoreline
of eternity. Jerusalem is the epicenter
of the world. God is saying this.
Jerusalem is where Isaiah and Jeremiah
pinned the principles of righteousness
that formed the moral foundations of
Western civilization. King David said,
"If I forget the old Jerusalem, let my
right hand forget its cunning and my
tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth."
David played the harp. If your right
hand cannot play the heart, and your
tongue is stuck to the roof of your
mouth, you can neither play nor sing. A
musician who cannot play nor sing has no
reason to live. David is saying,
"Without Jerusalem, life has lost its
meaning.
[Applause]
I want you to stand. Stand with me. I
want to ask this
question. There are two
resurrections. The two The first one
takes believers into heaven. The second
one is a thousand years later when those
who did not receive Christ are brought
before Christ at the great white throne
judgment.
[Music]
and you leave that place to be thrown
into the lake of fire
[Music]
forever. I want to ask this question.
How many of you
here are absolutely confident that if
the rapture happened before we take the
communion, you're going to heaven? Let
me see your
hand. Put your hands down.
Those of you here that have a
doubt that there's sin in your life,
there's something that's between you and
the
Lord that you would like to receive
Jesus as Christ as Savior and Lord
today. Slip your hand up right where you
are.
There and
there and
there and there.
Raise it. Raise it. Thank you. I want
you to pray this prayer with me with
these people raising their hands.
Heavenly Father, Heavenly Father, in the
name of the Lord Jesus, In the name of
the Lord Jesus, I ask you to forgive me
of all of my sin. I ask you to forgive
me of all un to cleanse me from all
unrighteousness. cleanse me from all
unrighteousness.
Come into my heart today. Come into my
heart today. As Lord and Savior. as Lord
and Savior. Write my name. Write my name
in the Lamb's Book of Life. in the
Lamb's Book of Life. In Jesus name. In
Jesus name. Amen. Amen.
When you speak the word of God, you are
releasing the blessing of the Lord into
every part of your life. You are putting
God in charge of the situation and
putting the devil on notice that you are
a child of the king. Stay tuned because
at the end of this program, Pastor Hegy
will speak a blessing over you and your
family. Hegy Ministries continues to
proclaim the unadulterated truth of
God's word around the globe thanks to
our legacy partners. It's the continued
faithfulness of our partners that
enables us to provide hope, health, and
education to the young mothers and their
children that call the sanctuary of hope
home. As we walk this road together, we
are providing humanitarian aid across
Israel and helping with relief efforts
and community service initiatives at
home and abroad. Together, we are
transforming the nations of the world
for Jesus Christ. We are excited to
reach the younger generations as we
expand into areas such as Apple TV,
Roku, podcasts, social media, and live
web streaming. Your action today can
become part of your legacy. Become a
legacy partner. Call the number on the
screen or go to jhm.org/partner.
You've been watching Haggy
Ministries. If you need prayer, call our
prayer line or visit our
website. And now, your blessing with
Pastor John Haggy.
Lift your hand for the blessing. And now
may the Lord bless you and may the Lord
keep you. And may the Lord make his face
to shine upon you. And may the Lord be
gracious unto you and give you his peace
as you submit yourself to Jesus Christ.
May the anointing of the Holy Spirit
come into your heart, into your life,
into your family, into your
relationships, and cause you to be
blessed heart, soul, mind, and body in
everything that you do. In the authority
of Jesus' name, receive this blessing.
Amen. You're dismissed.
[Applause]